# CheatopIA 🤖

Welcome to CheatopIA, a Google Chrome extension that allows you to quickly access cheat sheets for various programming languages and tools. With CheatopIA, you can easily find the syntax and usage of a command or function without ever leaving your current tab.

CheatopIA uses [OpenAI](https://openai.com/) generative models to provide users with cheat sheets. (You need to use your [OpenAI API Key](https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys)).

## Features

- Access cheat sheets for various programming languages and tools
- Search for specific commands or functions
- Save your favorite cheat sheets for quick access
- Customize the appearance of the extension

## Installation

To install CheatopIA, follow these steps:

1. Go to [CheatopIA repository](https://github.com/j0k3rD/cheatopia).
2. Click on the green "Code" button and select "Download ZIP".
3. Extract the ZIP file to a folder on your computer.
4. Open Google Chrome and go to the Extensions page (chrome://extensions/).
5. Enable Developer mode by toggling the switch in the top right corner.
6. Click "Load Unpacked" and select the folder where you extracted the ZIP file.
7. Click on the extension and copy your OpenAI API Key.
8. Start looking for your commands!

## Usage

To use the CheatopIA, select the text you want to search for and press 'Ctrl+C' to start the search. In a few seconds the response generated by the [ChatGPT](chat.openai.com) model will appear at the bottom of your tab!

## Contributing

If you want to contribute to the CheatopIA, please fork the repository and submit a pull request. We welcome contributions of all kinds, including bug fixes, new features, and improvements to existing features. 😉

Also don't forget to rate the project if it was helpful! 🌟

## Credits

CheatopIA was created by [j0k3rD](https://github.com/j0k3rD).
